Update Diamond (#2506)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/diamond/description.md

# Description

Your objective is to draw out a diamond using letters and spaces.

> You're given a letter which signifies the widest point of the diamond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're given a letter which should be at the widest part of the diamond.
```

Author: Yeah - I can't find a version I love

@Cool-Katt You ok with:
> You're given a letter, which represents the widest point of the diamond.
?

Reviewer: @iHiD How about 
> You're given a letter, which should be at the widest point of the diamond.

Reviewer: A tentative agree I suppose. 
I don't think the word 'represents' fits here quite nicely.  How about something like
> You're given a letter, which should correspond to the widest part of the diamond.
or 
> You're given a letter, which should depict the widest part of the diamond.

Reviewer: So then maybe something like 
> You're given a letter, which should be at the middle two tips of the diamond.

Reviewer: >Maybe "which tells you the..."?
How would the entire sentence look in that case?

Reviewer 2: How about saying nothing, and perhaps try to simplify the requirements? Isn't it clear from the examples that the given letter always appears in the middle row?

Diamond for letter 'C':

```text
  A  
 B B 
C   C
 B B 
  A  
```

Diamond for letter 'E':

```text
    A    
   B B   
  C   C  
 D     D 
E       E
 D     D 
  C   C  
   B B   
    A    
```

## Requirements

These are the full requirements:

- The first row contains one 'A'.
- The last row contains one 'A'.
- All rows, except the first and last, have exactly two identical letters.

> - All rows have as many trailing spaces as leading spaces. (This might be 0).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- All rows have as many trailing spaces as leading spaces (this might be 0).
```

- The diamond is horizontally symmetric.
- The diamond is vertically symmetric.
- The diamond has a square shape (width equals height).
- The letters form a diamond shape.
- The top half has the letters in ascending order.
- The bottom half has the letters in descending order.

> - The four corners (containing the spaces) are triangles.

Author: Done. Thanks.

Diamond for letter 'C':

```text
  A  
 B B 
C   C
 B B 
  A  
```

Diamond for letter 'E':

```text
    A    
   B B   
  C   C  
 D     D 
E       E
 D     D 
  C   C  
   B B   
    A    
```

## Requirements

These are the full requirements:
- The diamond has a square shape (width equals height).
- The letters form a diamond shape.
- The top half has the letters in ascending order.
- The bottom half has the letters in descending order.
- All rows, except the first and last, have exactly two identical letters.
- The first row contains one 'A'.
- The last row contains one 'A'.
- All rows have as many trailing spaces as leading spaces (this might be 0 spaces).
- The diamond is horizontally symmetric.
- The diamond is vertically symmetric.

> - The four corners (containing the spaces) are triangles.

Author: ```suggestion
- The four corners (containing the spaces) are triangles.

```

Diamond for letter 'C':

```text
  A  
 B B 
C   C
 B B 
  A  
```

Diamond for letter 'E':

```text
    A    
   B B   
  C   C  
 D     D 
E       E
 D     D 
  C   C  
   B B   
    A    
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Requirements

These are the full requirements:

> - The diamond has a square shape (width equals height).
> - The letters form a diamond shape.

Reviewer 2: I see where my confusion came from. The diamond is introduced before explaining what it refers to. Might be better to simply reverse the order of the first two requirements.

```suggestion
- The letters form a diamond shape.
- The diamond has a square shape (width equals height).
```
